Depressed Text


He said he had not felt that way before, suggeted I go rest and so ..TRIGGER AHEAD IF YOUI'RE A HYPOCONDRIAC LIKE ME: i decide to look up "feelings of doom" in hopes of maybe getting sucked into some rabbit hole of ludicrous conspiracy, a stupid "are you psychic" test or new age b.s., something I could even laugh at down the road. No, I ended up reading that this sense of doom can be indicative of various health ailments; one of which I am prone to.. So on top of my "doom" to my gloom..I am now f'n worried about my heart. I do happen to have a physical in 48 hours.


October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month and I am a domestic violence survivor who is still struggling, even after over four years. Lately I have been feeling very angry. Angry that my abusive ex received no real consequences for his actions. This man abused me in all manners: physically, sexually, emotionally, verbally, financially, etc. I was granted a restraining order against him (and it was renewed a year later) but I was unable to press criminal charges against him because I didn’t have enough evidence to have a case.



Non Depressed Text


Hey there r/assistance, Not sure if this is the right place to post this.. but here goes =) I'm currently a student intern at Sandia National Labs and working on a survey to help improve our marketing outreach efforts at the many schools we recruit at around the country. We're looking for current undergrad/grad STEM students so if you're a STEM student or know STEM students, I would greatly appreciate if you can help take or pass along this short survey. As a thank you, everyone who helps take the survey will be entered in to a drawing for chance to win one of three $50 Amazon gcs.


We had plans to move in together, a fancy $1,800/month home that she would contribute $400 or so. We spoke of children, marriage, all sorts of stuff. It's not that I thought she owed me anything for me doing these things. It's just that I felt like I did so incredibly much and it kills me that I look back and know that over a 5 month period, we only had intimate contact less than 15 times, that we never made out, outside sex (and I initiated and was rejected many, many times). Every time I brought up my frustrations regarding my unmet romantic needs, she took it as gaslighting and used it as fuel to further drive the reason why she wasn't comfortable with intimate contact.